Fix stale negative shard cache rechecks (#16184)
conda/conda: news/conda-pypi-397-recheck-shards-without-classic-cache.md

### Bug fixes

> * Fix sharded repodata fetching to recheck shards when a cached negative shard-format result has no classic repodata cache to fall back to, avoiding stale-cache failures for shards-only channels. (#16183)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* If shards were not found on a channel, conda would cache the not-found response, which can break shards-only channels. Instead, always check for sharded repodata if classic repodata has not been cached. (#16183)
```
